add documentation of the filterable directive (#18)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/directives/schema-configuration/field-configuration.adoc

This means the `actedIn` can be updated on an update, but it will not be available on create operations.

== `@filterable`

> This directive defines the filters generated for the field where this directive is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directive defines the filters generated for the field to which this directive is applied.
```

It has two arguments:

> * **byValue**: If disabled, this field will not generates value filters.
> * **byAggregate**: If disabled, this field will not generates aggregation filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **byValue**: If disabled, this field will not generate value filters.
* **byAggregate**: If disabled, this field will not generate aggregation filters.
```
